338 docs rfc the other half of the docs (#4199)
timescale/docs: _partials/_migrate_using_postgres_copy.md

<Procedure>

> ### Restoring data into a Tiger Cloud service with COPY

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Restoring data into a $SERVICE_LONG with COPY
```
